In this module we will dive into a specific category of ionic components and how we can use those components
in an angular application.
We'll have a look at fetching user input.
So working with form inputs letting users enter data into our application.
And with that I mean different kinds of data.
Specifically in this module we'll dive into different ionic form controls.
Normal text inputs date time selectors and more and I will also introduce you how to use these ionic
form controls in the context of angular forms both using the template driven and reactive forms approach.
Now one important note there.
The template driven and reactive forms approach.
These are terms or concepts stemming from angular not related to ionic.
So if it's not 100 percent clear what I mean by that I will not explain that in depth in this module
you should definitely consult my complete angular guide or at least the official angular docs to learn
more about that in case it's not clear by the instructions given in this module.
Now we'll not just have a look at getting the user input we'll also see how we can validated so how
we can make sure that what the user enters actually matches the patterns or the expectations we have
in our application.
And with that let's dive in and let's build some forums.